README.md, before:

# Bubble Trouble

This is an implementation of the retro game Bubble Trouble. The player must shoot the bubbles before they collide with the player to complete each level. The bubbles randomly bounce around the screen. They all split into smaller bubbles when shot except the smallest one in the list of standard bubbles. There is a different scene and degree of difficulty for each level. You can play on https://khaleed.github.io/bubble-trouble.

## Approach

Drawing on the canvas, the game loop, and collision detection are all done without any libraries or frameworks. This project is written in a functional style using the Elm Architecture: Model -> Update -> View. It's not purely functional because of the limitations of JavaScript and I/O being inheritently impure. Instead of deep cloning objects and arrays for immutability, Immutable JS - a persistent data structures library, is used.

## Installation

### Dependencies

First you need to intall `yarn` by following instructions on https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install

To get dependencies

`yarn install` or `npm install`

Install Webpack globally 

`yarn global add webpack-devserver webpack` or `npm install webpack-devserver webpack -g`

### Server

To serve at https://localhost:3000/public

`yarn run watch` or `npm run watch`

### Build

To build when NODE_ENV is set to production

`yarn run deploy` or `npm run deploy`

### Test

To run tests

`yarn run test` or `npm run test`

## Contributing

Ralph Barton

## Future Plans

Add units tests

Add lives, levels, sprites, and sound

## License

Bubble Trouble is released under the <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">The MIT License<a/>.

<a href='http://www.recurse.com' title='Made with love at the Recurse Center'><img src='https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2883345/11322975/9e575dce-910b-11e5-9f47-1fb1b530a4bd.png' height='75px'/></a>

Commit message:

Make the README for future-me

README.md, after:

# Bubble Trouble

This is an implementation of the retro game Bubble Trouble. 

## Instructions

- The player must shoot the bubbles before they collide with the player to complete each level. 
- The bubbles randomly bounce around the screen in different velocities. 
- All bubbles split-up into two smaller bubbles when shot except the smallest one in the list of standard bubbles. 
- Each level comes with it's own scene and degree of difficulty. 
- You can the playe the game [here](https://khaleed.github.io/bubble-trouble) :video_game:

## Approach

- Drawing on the [HTML5 Canvas](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API), the game loop, and collision detection are all done without any libraries or frameworks. 
- This project is written in a functional style using the Elm Architecture: Model -> Update -> View. 
- It's not purely functional because of the limitations of JavaScript and [I/O](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Input/output) being inheritently impure. 
- Instead of deep cloning objects and arrays for immutability, [Immutable JS](http://facebook.github.io/immutable-js/docs/#/) - a persistent data structures library, is used.

## Installation

### Dependencies

First you need to intall `yarn` by following instructions on the Yarn [documentation](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)

To get dependencies

`yarn install` or `npm install`

Install Webpack globally 

`yarn global add webpack-devserver webpack` or `npm install webpack-devserver webpack -g`

### Server

To serve at https://localhost:3000/public using [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)

`yarn run watch` or `npm run watch`

### Build

To build when NODE_ENV environmental variable is set to production

`yarn run deploy` or `npm run deploy`

### Test

To run tests

`yarn run test` or `npm run test`

## Contributing

@ralphbarton

## Tasks

- [x] Finish prototype
- [x] Add scores
- [ ] Complete units tests
- [ ] Add lives and levels 
- [ ] Add sprites and sound

## License

Bubble Trouble is released under the <a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT">The MIT License<a/>.

<a href='http://www.recurse.com' title='Made with love at the Recurse Center'><img src='https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2883345/11322975/9e575dce-910b-11e5-9f47-1fb1b530a4bd.png' height='75px'/></a>
